README.rst, before:

========
pomfload
========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/hcpl/pomfload.svg
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/hcpl/pomfload

.. code-block::

    Usage: pomfload [-u|-f|-p] [-s SITE] FILE...

    Options:
      -s SITE           Specify the site name to upload (default: comfy.moe)
      -u                Output URL
      -f                Output filename only
      -p                Output the same way as the server responses

    Supported sites:
      * aww.moe (alias: aww)
      * catbox.moe (alias: catbox)
      * comfy.moe (alias: comfy) (default)
      * desu.sh (alias: desu)
      * pomf.cat


Requirements
------------

* POSIX-compatible shell
* Packages wth essential Unix tools, such as |coreutils|_, |sed| or
  their alternatives.
* |curl|_
* |jq|_ (``pomfload`` is compatible with jq 1.3 and above)

.. |coreutils| replace:: ``coreutils``
.. _coreutils: https://gnu.org/s/coreutils
.. |sed| replace:: ``sed``
.. |curl| replace:: ``curl``
.. _curl: https://curl.haxx.se/
.. |jq| replace:: ``jq``
.. _jq: https://stedolan.github.io/jq/


Installation
------------

``pomfload`` is a standalone script, so downloading a single file is
enough for usage:

.. code-block:: sh

    # Short link
    curl -o pomfload git.io/vX7Wd

    # Exact location (these two links point to the same file)
    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hcpl/pomfload/master/pomfload

After that give the script execute permissions and place it somewhere
in your ``$PATH``.


Customization
-------------

If you want to have your set of available sites, clone the whole repo,
add or remove sites in ``sites.json`` and then execute:

.. code-block::

    ./generate-script > pomfload

That's all! *(at least, it should be that easy)*


How to Contribute
-----------------

Notes for ``sites.json``:

* Give some reasonable aliases (often one alias is sufficient).
* And make sure it can actually download (of course :) ).

Patches, suggestions and comments are welcome!


Credits
-------

* `Shizmob <https://github.com/Shizmob>`_'s `original pomfload <https://gist.github.com/Shizmob/7984374>`_

Commit message:

Support uploading to multiple sites in one go

README.rst, after:

========
pomfload
========

.. image:: https://travis-ci.org/hcpl/pomfload.svg
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/hcpl/pomfload

.. code-block::

    Usage: pomfload [-u|-f|-p] [-s SITE]... FILE...

    Options:
      -s SITE           Specify the site name to upload, can be used
                        multiple times to upload to multiple sites
                        (default sites: comfy.moe)
      -u                Output URL
      -f                Output filename only
      -p                Output the same way as the server responses

    Supported sites:
      * aww.moe (alias: aww)
      * catbox.moe (alias: catbox)
      * comfy.moe (alias: comfy) (default)
      * desu.sh (alias: desu)
      * pomf.cat


Requirements
------------

* POSIX-compatible shell
* Packages wth essential Unix tools, such as |coreutils|_, |sed| or
  their alternatives.
* |curl|_
* |jq|_ (``pomfload`` is compatible with jq 1.3 and above)

.. |coreutils| replace:: ``coreutils``
.. _coreutils: https://gnu.org/s/coreutils
.. |sed| replace:: ``sed``
.. |curl| replace:: ``curl``
.. _curl: https://curl.haxx.se/
.. |jq| replace:: ``jq``
.. _jq: https://stedolan.github.io/jq/


Installation
------------

``pomfload`` is a standalone script, so downloading a single file is
enough for usage:

.. code-block:: sh

    # Short link
    curl -o pomfload git.io/vX7Wd

    # Exact location (these two links point to the same file)
    curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hcpl/pomfload/master/pomfload

After that give the script execute permissions and place it somewhere
in your ``$PATH``.


Customization
-------------

If you want to have your set of available sites, clone the whole repo,
add or remove sites in ``sites.json`` and then execute:

.. code-block::

    ./generate-script > pomfload

That's all! *(at least, it should be that easy)*


How to Contribute
-----------------

Notes for ``sites.json``:

* Give some reasonable aliases (often one alias is sufficient).
* And make sure it can actually download (of course :) ).

Patches, suggestions and comments are welcome!


Credits
-------

* `Shizmob <https://github.com/Shizmob>`_'s `original pomfload <https://gist.github.com/Shizmob/7984374>`_
